README.md, before:

## Introduction

0. [Build your first Angular app](md/0.md)
1. [Lesson 1: Hello world](md/1.md)
2. [Lesson 2: Create Home component](md/2.md)
3. [Lesson 3: Create HousingLocation component](md/3.md)
4. [Lesson 4: Creating an interface](md/4.md)
5. [Lesson 5: Add an input parameter to the component](md/5.md)
6. [Lesson 6: Add a property binding to a component’s template](md/6.md)
7. [Lesson 7: Add an interpolation to a component’s template](md/7.md)



## Requeriments / Prerequisites

🖥️ node -v
→ v18.16.0

🖥️ npm -v
→ 9.8.0



## Get Started

- git clone https://github.com/aleongit/angular_first_app.git
- cd angular_first_app
- npm install
- ng serve
- http://localhost:4200/



## Dev environment

- node v18.16.0
- npm 9.8.0
- Visual Studio Code 1.80.1
- git version 2.38.0.windows.1
- Microsoft Windows [Versión 10.0.19045.3208]




## Run

- cd angular_first_app
- ng serve
- http://localhost:4200/





## Doc

### node
- https://nodejs.org/en/download


### angular
- https://angular.io
- https://angular.io/start
- https://angular.io/guide/setup-local
- https://angular.io/api/core/NgModule
- https://angular.io/api/core/Component
- https://angular.io/api/core/Input
- https://angular.io/guide/inputs-outputs
- https://angular.io/guide/property-binding
- https://angular.io/guide/interpolation


### typescript
- https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/interfaces.html

Commit message:

feat: Lesson 8 use *ngFor to list objects in component

README.md, after:

## Introduction

0. [Build your first Angular app](md/0.md)
1. [Lesson 1: Hello world](md/1.md)
2. [Lesson 2: Create Home component](md/2.md)
3. [Lesson 3: Create HousingLocation component](md/3.md)
4. [Lesson 4: Creating an interface](md/4.md)
5. [Lesson 5: Add an input parameter to the component](md/5.md)
6. [Lesson 6: Add a property binding to a component’s template](md/6.md)
7. [Lesson 7: Add an interpolation to a component’s template](md/7.md)
8. [Lesson 8: Use *ngFor to list objects in component](md/8.md)



## Requeriments / Prerequisites

🖥️ node -v
→ v18.16.0

🖥️ npm -v
→ 9.8.0



## Get Started

- git clone https://github.com/aleongit/angular_first_app.git
- cd angular_first_app
- npm install
- ng serve
- http://localhost:4200/



## Dev environment

- node v18.16.0
- npm 9.8.0
- Visual Studio Code 1.80.1
- git version 2.38.0.windows.1
- Microsoft Windows [Versión 10.0.19045.3208]




## Run

- cd angular_first_app
- ng serve
- http://localhost:4200/





## Doc

### node
- https://nodejs.org/en/download


### angular
- https://angular.io
- https://angular.io/start
- https://angular.io/guide/setup-local
- https://angular.io/api/core/NgModule
- https://angular.io/api/core/Component
- https://angular.io/api/core/Input
- https://angular.io/guide/inputs-outputs
- https://angular.io/guide/property-binding
- https://angular.io/guide/interpolation
- https://angular.io/guide/built-in-directives
- https://angular.io/guide/built-in-directives#ngFor


### typescript
- https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/interfaces.html
