## Lesson 13: Add the search feature to your app

- https://angular.io/tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-13



### Step 1 - Update the home component properties

- In `src/app/home/home.component.ts`, add new property to the class called `filteredLocationList`.
```ts
filteredLocationList: HousingLocation[] = [];
```

- The `filteredLocationList` should contain the total set of housing locations values by default when the page loads. Update the constructor for the `HomeComponent` to set the value.
```ts
constructor() {
  this.housingLocationList = this.housingService.getAllHousingLocations();
  this.filteredLocationList = this.housingLocationList;
}
```


### Step 2 - Update the home component template

- Update the `HomeComponent` template to include a template variable in the `input` element called `#filter`
```html
<input type="text" placeholder="Filter by city" #filter>
```
- This example uses a **template reference variable** to get access to the input element as its value.

- Next, update the component template to attach an event handler to the "Search" button.
```html
<button class="primary" type="button" (click)="filterResults(filter.value)">Search</button>
```
- By binding to the `click` event on the button element, you are able to call the `filterResults` function. The argument to the function is the `value` property of the `filter` template variable. Specifically, the `.value` property from the `input` HTML element.

- The last template update is to the `ngFor` directive. Update the `ngFor` value to iterate over values from the `filteredLocationList` array.
```html
<app-housing-location *ngFor="let housingLocation of filteredLocationList" [housingLocation]="housingLocation"></app-housing-location>
```

### Step 3 - Implement the event handler function

- Update the `HomeComponent` class to include the implementation of the `filterResults` function.
```ts
filterResults(text: string) {
  if (!text) {
    this.filteredLocationList = this.housingLocationList;
  }

  this.filteredLocationList = this.housingLocationList.filter(
    housingLocation => housingLocation?.city.toLowerCase().includes(text.toLowerCase())
  );
}
```
- This function uses the `String` `filter` function to compare the value of the text parameter against the `housingLocation.city` property.
