## Lesson 14: Add HTTP communication to your app

- https://angular.io/tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-14



### Step 1 - Configure the JSON server

- JSON Server is an open source tool used to create mock REST APIs. You'll use it to serve the housing location data that is currently stored in the housing service.
```
npm install -g json-server
```
- In the root directory of your project, create a file called `db.json`. This is where you will store the data for the json-server.
- Time to test your configuration. From the command line, at the root of your project run the following commands.
```
json-server --watch db.json
```
- In your web browser, navigate to the `http://localhost:3000/locations` and confirm that the response includes the data stored in db.json.


### Step 2 - Update service to use web server instead of local array

- **src/app/housing.service.ts**
- Update the code to remove `housingLocationList` property and the array containing the data.
- Add a string property called `url` and set its value to `'http://localhost:3000/locations'`
- Update the `getAllHousingLocations` function to make a call to the web server you configured.

```ts
async getAllHousingLocations(): Promise<HousingLocation[]> {
  const data = await fetch(this.url);
  return await data.json() ?? [];
}
```
- The code now uses asynchronous code to make a **GET** request over HTTP.
- For this example, the code uses `fetch`. For more advanced use cases consider using `HttpClient` provided by Angular.

- Update the `getHousingLocationsById` function to make a call to the web server you configured.
```ts
async getHousingLocationById(id: number): Promise<HousingLocation | undefined> {
  const data = await fetch(`${this.url}/${id}`);
  return await data.json() ?? {};
}
```


### Step 3 - Update the components to use asynchronous calls to the housing service

- The server is now reading data from the HTTP request but the components that rely on the service now have errors because they were programmed to use the **synchronous** version of the service.

- In `src/app/home/home.component.ts`, update the constructor to use the **new asynchronous** version of the `getAllHousingLocations` method.
```ts
constructor() {
  this.housingService.getAllHousingLocations().then((housingLocationList: HousingLocation[]) => {
    this.housingLocationList = housingLocationList;
    this.filteredLocationList = housingLocationList;
  });
}
```

- In `src/app/details/details.component.ts`, update the constructor to use the **new asynchronous** version of the `getHousingLocationById` method.
```ts
constructor() {
  const housingLocationId = parseInt(this.route.snapshot.params['id'], 10);
  this.housingService.getHousingLocationById(housingLocationId).then(housingLocation => {
    this.housingLocation = housingLocation;
  });
}
```