
## Lesson 2: Create Home component
- https://angular.io/tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-02


### Conceptual preview of Angular components
- Angular apps are built around components, which are Angular's building blocks. Components contain the code, HTML layout, and CSS style information that provide the function and appearance of an element in the app. In Angular, components can contain other components. An app's functions and appearance can be divided and partitioned into components.

- In Angular, components have metadata that define its properties. When you create your `HomeComponent`, you use these properties:
    - `selector`: to describe how Angular refers to the component in templates.
    - `standalone`: to describe whether the component requires a NgModule.
    - `imports`: to describe the component's dependencies.
    - `template`: to describe the component's HTML markup and layout.
    - `styleUrls`: to list the URLs of the CSS files that the component uses in an array.


### Step 1 - Create the HomeComponent
- In your project directory, navigate to the `first-app` directory.
- Run this command to create a new `HomeComponent`
```
ng generate component home --standalone --inline-template --skip-tests
```
```
ng serve
```
- Open a browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200` to find the application.
- Confirm that the app builds without error.



### Step 2 - Add the new component to your app's layout
- In this step, you add the new component, `HomeComponent` to your app's root component, `AppComponent`, so that it displays in your app's layout.


### Step 3 - Add features to HomeComponent
- In this step you add features to `HomeComponent`.
